
					Verizon Wireless Services, LLC ("Verizon Wireless") 
						is a subsidiary of Verizon Communications Inc.

The contents of this file is the intellectual property of Verizon Wireless
Services, LLC ("Verizon Wireless") and is subject to copyright protection under
the laws of the United States and other countries. You acknowledge that
misappropriation, misuse, or redistribution of content on the file could cause
irreparable harm to Verizon Wireless and/or to third parties. You may not,
copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, display, execute, modify, create
derivative works of, transmit, sell or offer for resale, or in any way exploit
any part of this file without Verizon Wireless's express written permission.
You also may not "mirror" any material contained in this file on any other
server without prior written permission from Verizon Wireless.  Pursuant to the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act, Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c),
a copyright owner or its authorized agent ("Complainant") may submit a
complaint alleging copyright infringement to Verizon Wireless's Designated
Agent if Complainant has a good-faith belief that its works are being infringed
by material subject to Verizon Wireless's control. Verizon Wireless will
investigate complaints and respond to proper notification sent to
publicpolicy.law.and.security@one.verizon.com; Attn: Verizon Communications
Inc. Legal Department Subject: Copyright Complaint.

Please direct any questions or concerns via electronic-mail to:
publicpolicy.law.and.security@one.verizon.com; 
Attn: Verizon Communications Inc. Legal Department; Subject: Copyright.

    Copyright © {YEAR} Verizon Communications Inc.


Software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" basis,
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License
for the specific language governing rights and limitations under the
License.

